Written by: Bene Fineas, Blaga Cristian Adrian, Rares Bahamat, Avasilcai Andrei-Cristian, Bancila Alex, Alaci Eduard-Kurt

Paragraph 1
The story starts at the end of high school for our Bob White, it's a summer day like any other, he sits on his parent's house poarch, eating icecream. As the sun shines on his balding head, he thinks about his next years in life, he has a future-altering decission to make: should he follow on his studies and go to university or should he try to make it big in this cruel world on his own.
Go to paragraph 2 for uni life
Go to paragraph 3 for hustler life

Paragraph 2
He ultimately chose to have a higher education. And so, he packed his bags and got ready for uni life, in Computer Science. He's not exactly the brightest, but promised himself to take care of his studies. On the first day, some friendly students approached him, offering him a cigarette. Bob ain't EVER smoked before in his life, but he wanted to be with the cool kids.
Go to paragraph 4 for choosing to smoke
Go to paragraph 5 for refusing the cig

Paragraph 3
He chose to not go to uni and focus on making money. Now he has to make some hard decisions: go the shady business route, go abroad and work in construction, trying to save every penny he makes, or start some summer jobs that will get him some funds that he can use to start up his new life in a few months, delaying the decission between the 2 life altering choices, giving him more time to think.  
Go to paragraph 6 for starting your own husseling operation selling crypto courses
Go to paragraph 7 for starting your new Bombardier life making "Combinatii" in your neighbourhood
Go to paragraph 8 for starting your low paying jobs 

Paragraph 4
Bob doesn't really have any social skills. He says, stutterring, "O-of c-course I-I'll take the c-cigarette...! I s-smoke quite often!". Everyone gave him a weird look and laughed. After trying to light it about 5 times, he finally succeeded. One second later, he lets out the loudest cough in his life. And then he coughs again, and again, for about two minutes. While he was struggling to breathe, everyone else left. Seems like the friendly kids weren't so nice after all. Bob has some anger issues, to be honest, and he felt humiliated. He mistook a secretary for one of the kids who laughed at him, and jumped on her. Of course, Bob got expelled. The problem is, his parents told him that his scholarship is going to be his only source of money while in uni, and he didn't want to go back home. He had no choice but to go get a job at McDonald's.
Go to paragraph 9

Paragraph 5
At that moment a battle started inside of him, should he try to smoke for the first time and befriend the cool kids or should he keep his promise to himself to never smoke again after his father died from lung cancer. In the end he refused and went to the uni library to complete his assignments. From this point, he managed to follow the correct path his whole life. 10 years have passed the incident, meanwhile he completed his phd in AI Research and managed to find a really high payed job which we also enjoys. After all those 10 years he looked to the sky thinking about his father and a tear started to go down on his cheek.  

Paragraph 6
Despite choosing not to university, he does not feel like he missed an opportunity. The countless stories of successful businessmen who dropped out of university inspire him to try and build up his own business and make enough money to live a comfortable life.
He later learned that this career path he chose is informally known as "hustling".
At first, it was tough, he had to work on low paying jobs for quite a while, until he raised enough money to start his own flipping operation. He would look for items that were on sale in other stores and then load them on his own site, which he would advertise on TikTok. The job was very demanding, and barely made him money. But he learned new lessons every day.
After a few years, he was a successfull casino manager. He would spend every night with beautiful women, enjoying all kinds of alcohol and drugs.
He died of a heroin overdose at the ripe old age of 32.

Paragraph 7
He chose to start his new life as a Bombardier in his neighbourhood. At first he was just an arrow selling drugs for the big bosses. With his first "paycheck" he started to spend money on underage girls and a bmw e46 from 1998. After a while he started climing the hierarchy. In 5 years he made more money that your whole family will make in their lifetime. After 10 more years the party was over, the police got him and he got 30 years in prison for multiple crimes. After he servbed his sentance he tried to make a new life but unfortunately nobody would hire him and he ended up dying from an overdose of meth, such a miserable life...

Paragraph 8
Being afraid to make such an important decission, of maybe leaving his family behind and going to a country where he doesn't know the language, where he'll struggle to make his way around, or the other route, trying to come up with any sort of idea that can bring in money, he chose the safest one, get some summer jobs that will allow him to save up, funds which he'll absolutely need in the near future. He started with going around selling newspapers, delivering mail. After a couple weeks he realized that the pay he got was decent but nowhere near enough to actually make a difference in his future, nothing that could set him up for a new start, so he went searching again, finding his answer in a place we all know too well... McDonald's.
Go to paragraph 9

Paragraph 9
Bob had never heard so many *DING*s before in the span of 10 seconds, and he's starting to lose his balance. Everything felt so repetitive: get the burgers out of the oven, stop the fryers, make a large Big Mac menu, with extra sauce of course. Even with all of this, he's not really complaining. While on a break, Bob hears someone calling him from behind the building. He goes and checks what's going on, but no one's there. However, there was a piece of paper on the ground. It was an actual genuine Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, with his name on it. Bob starts crying... not out of happiness, but because he actually had to get a real job now and work, with no excuses left. Well, to each their own...
Paragraph 10
Bob sat back down on his parent's porch, right where he started. His head was a bit more bald, and his heart was a bit heavier. Whether he was a doctor in a lab or a cook at McDonald's, he realized that every choice he made changed who he was. Life wasn't just about being a "cool kid" or making the most money. It was about the lessons he learned along the way. As he took a bite of his ice cream, he looked at the sun and smiled. He didn't know what tomorrow would bring, but for the first time, he was okay with that. The long journey was over, and he was finally home.
